Now, while we understand that many of you will only want to be consuming Mezzanines,
it's still important that at some point down the line in case you decide
you'd ever like to make your own or
participate in a community initiative to make your own,
you are familiar with both the location of the Mezzanine guidelines and
how you can utilize them to push your Mezzanine forward, right?
So, we're going to go over these guidelines.
Now, what is the purpose of the Mezzanine Guidelines?
First off, when you were developing
these Mezzanines that are interacting with all of the IO on your DragonBoard,
you want to make sure that you're utilizing both the IO to it's maximum capability,
but also that you don't accidentally short anything out, right?
So, according to the 96Boards specification,
we've taken that spec which the DragonBoard follows,
and then we've built upon it by saying,
now if you want to utilize all these IO's,
follow these guidelines, and you can make
a perfect Mezzanine that will join the ecosystem full-fledged.
Now, I'm just going to kind of go down these bullet points here but again,
I said it's based on the Consumer Edition specification,
the guidelines follow it very strictly.
Now, we also defined two different types of Mezzanine boards,
small modules and larger modules.
You kind of got to experience that in
the last video where we showed a regular sized Mezzanine which fits
the 96Boards footprint and then a larger module which
goes extended slightly bigger than the footprint.
This helps you develop for either.
We highlight considerations for possible PCBs.
We want to make sure that the guidelines ensure your compatibility,
so if you're developing a Mezzanine and you want to make sure that you're
compatible with the 96Boards ecosystem more importantly the DragonBoard 410c,
these guidelines will help make that happen.
And then, ultimately what's the goal?
If the goal is to just get something out there
that you want to use for yourself and yourself only, that's fine.
However, we would really like it if you let the community know and not only that,
we'd also really like it if the community accepted it and used it for
their projects because it is an ecosystem and this is a very fun,
engaging, and vibrant community.
So, if you're working on Mezzanine products,
if you want to start getting into some hardware stuff
that will complement your DragonBoard 410c journey,
make sure you let the community in,
I think it's a lot of fun,
it's very interactive, and it's very cool.
And in the next video, we're going to talk a little bit more about
how you can get more involved with this.
So looking at the guidelines,
I just basically took the guidelines document,
we're going to see the link in the resources in a minute,
but I took the guidelines document and I just brought down the table of contents,
and I just want to break this down a little bit.
So first off, Naming Conventions,
why is this important, right?
Well, when you're talking naming conventions across
different Mezzanines and across the 96Boards ecosystem,
you want to make sure that you're fairly consistent.
These conventions helped make it easier for
people to both adopt your board and use it, right?
There is of course, mechanical specifications,
that helped conform to the form factor making
sure that your headers are all lined up when you're plugging it in,
giving you different options on stacking options,
we did mention that some of the 96Boards Mezzanines,
some of them aren't stackable, some of them are.
If you want this to remain an option for you,
these guidelines helped you outline that.
Now, you also have a test specification.
This is a template that we've kind of helped guide through to you,
so that if you want to start building upon this and
we will again talk about this in the next video a little more.
Power options, thermal considerations,
you're putting something on top of something that could be potentially hot, right?
So, we want to make sure that you think about these things,
and then give you baselines for it.
And then, of course, peripheral connectors.
So, there are a lot of things that should be considered.
The document is not that long,
I think it's only several few pages, three, four,
five pages, and it's geared to just helping
you join this movement which is a really cool movement.
Yeah and it also, as a developer of it,
I'm looking at the ecosystem.
It tells me when I'm selecting a development platform,
it tells me there is some standardization behind it.
So, if I find a Mezzanine board that works for the vertical time I'm targeting,
I know that the people who created the Mezzanine followed some standard guidelines,
so that's going to work with the 96Board ecosystem,
and as a developer,
you don't want to be picking up hardware off the shelf,
and then troubleshoot the hardware, right?
So, that's a good thing about this that when
community does this and somebody picks up this Mezzanine and starts using it,
they are not first one strength for troubleshooting, people have used it before,
it's belongs to the ecosystem,
and out of the box, that's going to work.
Absolutely.
Along with resell,
I want to add just a little thing.
You just paid money for your DragonBoard, right?
The last thing you want to do is buy some Mezzanine or acquire
some Mezzanine or make a Mezzanine that's going to blow it up, right?
So, these guidelines help make sure that you map
all of the IO on your DragonBoard to the appropriate IO,
outputs, ports, whatever you want to call it on your Mezzanine,
so you can utilize it all.
And if you follow the guidelines properly,
then you run less of a chance of blowing up your DragonBoard.
So, very cool.
Yeah. Now, anything else?
No, that's it.
Okay. Cool. So in summary, again, pause,
reflect, and explore the 96Boards Mezzanine guidelines.
Now, I didn't put the link here specifically however,
if you do go to the 96Boards products Mezzanine page,
you'll find along with
all the Mezzanine boards that we consider compatible with your DragonBoard 410c,
you will find a link at the top or on that page somewhere,
I believe it's at the top, for the Mezzanine guidelines.
So, check that out, it's a little downloadable PDF,
read through it, and maybe you'll learn something,
and then tune in for the next video where we'll talk a little bit more
about the Community Mezzanine Initiative Overachievers.
Go ahead and read ahead.
See you in the next video.